YSH-114 Enable auto.create.topics.enable (#814)
conduktor/conduktor-docs: docs/gateway/configuration/env-variables.md

| `GATEWAY_ACL_ENABLED`                             | Enable/disable ACL support on the Gateway transparent virtual cluster (`passthrough`) only.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | When `GATEWAY SECURITY MODE` is set to <br/> - `GATEWAY_MANAGED` : `true`. <br/>- `KAFKA_MANAGED`: `false`. <br/>- Unset and undetermined: `false`. |

> | `GATEWAY_AUTO_CREATE_TOPICS_ENABLED`              | Enable auto-create topics feature. When enabled, topics can be automatically created when producing or consuming through the Gateway, leveraging the Kafka property auto.create.topics.enable. **Authorization**: When enabled, users require either `CLUSTER` resource with `CREATE` operation permission (allows creating any topic) or `TOPIC` resource with `CREATE` operation permission for specific topics. **Note**: This feature does not support concentrated topics. When auto-create topics is enabled, topics that would normally be concentrated will be created as physical topics instead. | `false`                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `GATEWAY_AUTO_CREATE_TOPICS_ENABLED`              | Enable auto-create topics feature. When enabled, topics can be automatically created when producing or consuming through the Gateway, leveraging the Kafka property auto.create.topics.enable. **Authorization**: When enabled, users require either `CLUSTER` resource with `CREATE` operation permission (allows creating any topic) or `TOPIC` resource with `CREATE` operation permission for specific topics. **Warning**: This feature does not support concentrated topics. When auto-create topics is enabled, topics that would normally be concentrated will not be, they'll simply be created as regular physical topics instead. Enable this setting with caution.| `false`                                                                                                                                             |
```
